with his banks so today I
take you on a bus open up of so
there today it is thanks to her as
there is also city ​​sight so the principle
so you have to buy the tickets
the different grella stores and we
we can take them
I advise you to take them
on my site there are already the good you
go see and after so just
recover in a small agency here
get the tickets then so there
here we are at times square
we are right next to the ticket ts I
pass you see and here is so a
delivered to hate or busts often
easily recognizable just
put you in the queue to wait
to climb then after ben me me you
advise to climb the rise or when
it is sunny as today advises
to go up there to try to take
beautiful photos and try to discover
new york as it should be
here you go follow you go up
together at just now
it's gone for the tour
we go door to door for the principle I
did not explain what's going on
it's that these turns there you go right
to climb where you want in fact there's no
stopping a little bit everywhere in
I had gone back down as one
also wanted them to go back to
full time on the bus being treated
really what you want for
go up as many times and from his
back that you want after that depends
if you can take 48 hours 72
hours etc
it's tour open up here are our otherwise there is
the headphones here that you explain
different thing of the city the I'm going
Moreover, if we can speak at the same
time that there are different languages
especially english french spanish and
his French so it's chanel 3 he
must choose then to the third 3rd
chain could ride are bearish
are actually less dense than you want
and that's it
explains different different things
the past
after it's true it's a
translation a bit word for word in
French but well that explains at least
a minimum is always nice and that
allows you to enjoy the view and
know what exactly thirty photos
here
So here we are down always open
to pop so I have just now we can
go down at will and in full before
to enter the indecent content of the high school to
as of May 6 we will go do a
small turn in the fastest stores
shopping good I tell you very soon
so this is alex the right plan for them
war banks and engineers